What happens when you itintialize a repository and why do you need it?
A repository is where all of my tracked and untracked files are located 
on the local disk. Contrary to what I thought, I have not pushed 
anything to the GitHub cloud yet. I need to initialize a repository 
because that is how GitBash is going to be able to tell GitHub 
where the tracked files are located on the local disk. Also, the repository
has the hidden files and meta data necessary to track changes in files located
inside the repository, unlike a standard directory, which only contains the
saved files on the hard disk. 

How is the staging are adifferent from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area is different from the working directory because it is a happy 
medium between the actual files and the commit stage. At this point you aren't changing
anything. You are just organizing. The staging area you to allows you to set up and organize
logical changes in a way that makes sense and provides clarity to anyone working
on the same repository as you. It adds value to the git interface by allowing you to
work independently of the working directory. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The staging area can be used to ensure you are only making one logical change per
commit by letting you see which files are in the working directory, which files
have been staged, and which files are in the most recent commits. You are able
to compare each environment to make sure the changes in the staging area are changes
you want committed before hand. This is another facet of the organizational
aspect that I mentioned before. Git's staging area is great for making sure
only the things you want committed get commited. Running <emphasis>git status</emphasis>
will let you see and git diff without arguments will let you compare the working 
directory to the staging area and git diff --staged will let you compare your
staged files to the most recent commit. Very useful. 

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

Some situations in which branches would be helpful in keeping my history organized
is when I need to begin work on an experimental feature or work on a different
version where it might be drastically different from the master draft. At that point
it might become necessary to create different branches of the master in order to maintain
the work happening on the master branch while still having access to the outer
branches without A) having to redo the code or copy and paste into a new file in 
order to work on the separate branch and B) without allowing the new experimental
or new different version affect the fully functioning and stable branch. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams help me visualize the branch structure by having a constant
reminder of where the master branch is, and each successive branch back down to it the
master. It also helps me visualize where branches occured and then helps visualize what
each branch will include. It never occured to me before that there might be such things
as unreachable branches. This will help me to create good repositories in the future.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram 
the way we do?
The result of merging two branches together is that the features and changes made in a child
branch are then interwoven into the current master branch, which forms a new master branch with
the ability to reach the commits of the child branch along the master branch. I haven't seen our 
representation of merging in the diagram yet. I would assume that it can be connected to branch 
from commit with the acts upon color code. If we're going that route, then it is because a merged
branch creates a sort of large commit that combines a branch with the master. This is true because
you can use git diff to look at the differences between the last commit that includes the merge 
and the commits before. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
There are a couple pros. Git is a fairly intelligent program that is good at figuring out changes 
made in which documents and where in each one. For simple changes like total additions or total 
deletions, Git is good at determining what should be included in the merged branches. However,
most program corrections are not a matter of simple deletions and additions. The majority of programming
that I've done involves replacing lines with different code, but never changing position. That's 
how I stay organized and can keep my place. Git goes line by line looking for changes,but when it
comes across changes made in place, it has to make choices between the original and the changes presented
if it can't, it'll throw a conflict. This is good because we don't want it to guess and destroy our
work. It's better for us to get together and find out what we're changing and what we're keeping. 
The pros of automatic merging are speedy merges of total deletions and additions 
and the cons are that Git is not intelligent enough to know when changes are made in place. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay 
up-to-date with your remote repository?
I need to be able to pull changes manually to avoid conflicts and protect the anonymity of my
local code. There might be things I that are on GitHub that I don't want, and there may be 
things on my local code that are not ready to be public. I don't want Git to make the decision
of when my private work is to become public, and I don't want other people's changes cluttering
up my code or causing conflicts. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead 
of another?
Forks are online clones from github accounts. The copy is sent from the original creator to the
motherforker who wants to borrow it with proper credit given. Then, I am able to clone that down
to my local machine to the local repository from my cloud repository. A clone can be a fork in
itself (it's just a copy of the current code version either local or cloud), but a branch is a 
separate section of code that may inlcude the master code, but ultimately is different, unlike a 
fork or clone, which includes everything associated with the master but may not be able to reach
the branches. You can clone a master, you can fork a master, you can fork a branch, but you may not
be able to pull the whole branch set down on a clone to a local machine. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
The benefit of having the last known state of the remote stored locally is that you can sync down
to your local machine before a long pause, which will then allow you to work on the code offline
without interfereing with anyone else's work. After that, you can do a git fetch to get other people's
changes, then git commit and git merge of the origin/master and the master to find inconsistencies
that will cause a merge conflict. You can fix them, then push the changes and update yourself along
with origin/master. Very handy for collaboration and resolving conflicts. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
I would collaborate with either DropBox and Slack or OneDrive and Slack. However, this would be a 
lot harder to do when working on code because no one can see what changes I'm making and I'd have to
save every single version of my code as a new version with comments in order for my co-workers to see
the changes, compare them to their own, and update the main version of the code. Omg I've never heard
of anything so tedious in all my life. 